Microsoft Teams - add instance execute external to rerouting setup example (#7877)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/Integrations/MicrosoftTeams/README.md

The port to be configured in [Configure Microsoft Teams on Demisto](#configure-microsoft-teams-on-demisto) step should be any available port that is not used by another service.

In addition, make sure ***Instance execute external*** is enabled. 

1. In Cortex XSOAR, go to **Settings > About > Troubleshooting**.

> 2. In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the ***instance.execute.external*** key is set to *true*. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add the *instance.execute.external* and set the value to *true*. See [this documentation](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/integrations/long-running#invoking-http-integrations-via-cortex-xsoar-servers-route-handling) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the ***iinstance.execute.external.<instance_name>*** key is set to *true*. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add the *instance.execute.external* and set the value to *true*. See the following [reference article](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/articles/long-running-invoke) for further information.
```
